Prepare node before joining caasp cluster (#334)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/vhm-caasp.adoc

.Procedure: Adding Nodes to a Cluster

> The node to be joined might need manual configuration before joining the cluster. Ensure the machine is used used exclusively as a {caasp} node and that swap is turned off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The node to be joined might need manual configuration before joining the cluster. Ensure the machine is used used exclusively as a {caasp} node and that swap is turned off. For more information, see https://documentation.suse.com/suse-caasp/4.2/single-html/caasp-deployment/#_disabling_swap
```

> The node to be joined might need manual configuration before joining the cluster. Ensure the machine is used used exclusively as a {caasp} node and that swap is turned off. For more information, see https://documentation.suse.com/suse-caasp/4.2/single-html/caasp-deployment/#_disabling_swap

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The node to be joined might need manual configuration before joining the cluster. Ensure the machine is used used exclusively as a {caasp} node and that swap is turned off. For more information, see https://documentation.suse.com/suse-caasp/4.2/single-html/caasp-deployment/#_disabling_swap.
```

> .Procedure: Adding Nodes to a Cluster
> 
> The node to be joined might need manual configuration before joining the cluster. Ensure the machine is used used exclusively as a {caasp} node and that swap is turned off. For more information, see https://documentation.suse.com/suse-caasp/4.2/single-html/caasp-deployment/#_disabling_swap
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Before you add a node to a cluster, you might need to do some manual configuration. 
Check that the system is used exclusively as a {caasp} node, and that swap is turned off. 
For more information, see https://documentation.suse.com/suse-caasp/4.2/single-html/caasp-deployment/#_disabling_swap

.Procedure: Adding Nodes to a Cluster
```

. In the {productname} {webui}, navigate to menu:Clusters[Overview] and click btn:[Join Node].
. Select the nodes to add from the list of available nodes.
The list of available nodes includes only nodes that are registered to {productname}, are not management nodes, and are not currently part of any cluster.
. Follow the prompts to enter the {caasp} parameters for the nodes to be added.
. OPTIONAL: Specify a custom ``ssh-agent`` socket that is valid only for the nodes that are being added.

> . Click btn:[Save] to schedule an action to add the nodes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Click btn:[Save] to schedule an action to add the nodes to the {caasp} cluster.
```

> During this action, {productname} joins the nodes to the {caasp} cluster.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
